[OSDOCS#17131]: Release Notes CQA for 4.20 (#117190)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ocp-release-notes-technology-preview-tables.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * release_notes/ocp-4-20-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ocp-release-notes-technology-preview-tables_{context}"]
= Technology Preview features status

> [role="_abstract"]
> Some features in this release are currently in Technology Preview. These experimental features are not intended for production use. Note the following scope of support on the Red{nbsp}Hat Customer Portal for these features:

Reviewer: Short descriptions should be [user-centric and not contain self-referential words](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qXFRcYZncrAex1fuRjOzlAHB2X3_WHAeVxffY1GfL50/edit?gid=503904153#gid=503904153&range=A54) such as the following. Hmmm. Does this meet those requirements? Does this make sense? 

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can determine if a new feature in {product-title} {product-version} is currently in Technology Preview before deciding to install the feature. These experimental features are not intended for production use. 

Note the following scope of support on the Red{nbsp}Hat Customer Portal for these features:
```
